welcome to a new football manager
tutorial now since I've been doing these
football manager experiments and also
the emulator mercy series have had a lot
of people asking about the editor how to
use it how to install it how to do
various things and I've done a couple of
tutorials in the past I did a big one
last year and where I went through
various things but it is a bit haphazard
and I also did one on how to install the
editor so first well if you don't know
how to install the editor watch that
video
it's got like 41 thousand views it's my
most viewed video and it just explains
how to install it if it doesn't work
then you've probably not got a legal
copy of the game or something is just
gone wrong I don't know how ya watched
I'll put it in the description below so
just click on the link so once you have
installed it any open it it comes to
this screen and what I'm going to be
showing today is how to create a player
something simple I'm going to do a few
videos so they're not going to be too
long and they're just gonna be more
videos of me doing various things on the
editor
so first of all you have to load the
database and you just simply do that and
press ok so now it's loaded and you get
this list down the left-hand side to do
various things on the editor let's
create a player all you need to do is
click on people and click on add and you
can add players on players are like
managers coaches that sort of thing and
you can add various other things as well
so you just click on player and you
quite simply just put in a name so there
we go he's got a name then you can click
various things like ethnicity hair color
skin if you just leave it at randomly
and date of birth whatever really
whatever you want just leave that and
the nation so they can do city of birth
if you want nation where they're born
it's quite obvious what you have to do
with these things declared for nation
usually means a dick so say you've got
two nationalities I think you can
declare them for one nation for like
England and the second nationality
Scotland so if you leave it on ticked I
think they can play for either so you
can add second nations down here so you
say you
granddad was born in Northern Ireland
you're eligible for Northern Ireland
like me and then contract wise you can
kick you have to select a club for them
basically so stop in a random club go
for Everton and we'll put them at this
Everton team or wherever really it
doesn't really matter but yeah and then
you have to select the dates they joined
but that automatic it does 1st of July
2012 their weekly wage that you can
select that yourself can select if they
want to prefer squad number but you can
just leave most of it and it sorts it
out sorts itself out you don't want to
go too detailed and you quite actually
be it's these are sort of the hidden
attributes like an adaptability pressure
how well they cope with pressure so if
they cope well of pressure give them 20
the race got a very good sportsmanship
then 20 and then you can give them job
preferences for when they retire you can
select the languages player data current
ability it's out of 200 so if you say
150 potential is what they can reach so
it makes me of 200 there is something
called you can put minus 10 as well you
can research it yourself if you want to
know about that just type it in on
Google but it does mean if they've got
minus 10 they're very likely to become a
world-class player basically I'm
reputation I believe is that - it might
be out yeah it's out to hundreds of us
how highly regarded there and they
country how famous they are basically
then hate height and weight I think
Heights out of about 208 which is
centimeters and weights kilograms
probably about 90 or something left foot
right foot
south of 20 so how good they are right
fitted or how good they are left foot
did and trained in the nation thing you
don't really need to worry about it
should sort itself out if you just leave
that blank positions also after 20 so
you can say he could give them multiple
positions if he wants it and everything
else is out 220 as you know on the game
but if you live as 0 it would
automatically it will randomize it and
depending on what position you've
selected them and other attributes you
have given them out of 20 so it won't
give you and really obscure things that
aren't suited to their position it might
do but it should be sensible but like I
said you've got the potential figure out
of 200 so if you do put to hunt when T
on everything they won't be twenty at
the start that's the potential they can
possibly get to if they're trained up
correctly if you play them etc and all
the other possibilities in the game so
it doesn't guarantee they're going to
reach twenty or have twenty at the start
so you just do that for the mental
physical and technocrat treats and
goalkeeping as well preferred moves you
can select things like they try the
killer ball often so there's a whole
list and that's basically how you create
a player so once you created a player or
players and put them in teams then you
open up the game go to football manager
new career game and you have to click on
this change thing here to load a
database that you've made yourself and
then you just select it click confirm
and you load up a game right now and it
will load that database and you will
have those players you can also create a
team and put those plays in yourself but
I'll do that some other time I'll do
another tutorial on how to create a new
completely new team but yeah thank you
for watching I hope you found this
helpful that's how I've done the
emulator and Missy series basically just
created the players and away I went